# Introduction and my passion for IGN.  
“Every morning, you have two choices: Continue to sleep with your dreams or wake up and chase them.” Being a highly motivated individual, striving to succeed, I choose to chase them.

Hi IGN, my name is Shubham Aggarwal or Shaun. I’m currently a junior pursuing Bachelor of Computer Science at the University of Wisconsin – Madison. From my very first computer to smartphone and console, I have been equally fascinated about programming and other technical aspects of a computer. I am pursuing computer science as it provides me deep insight into the theoretical and practical aspects in various concepts. I truly believe that computer drives, influences, and motors this generation. Being a self-taught programmer and an avid problem tackler, my aim is to achieve milestones in computer science and leave an impact on this world, be it big or small.  

The field that most excites me is Artificial Intelligence. During the past 4 months, I’ve been doing some heavy studying on various artificial intelligence concepts and have worked on 5-6 projects including path-finding, Pacman gameplaying AI, decision trees classifier, Handwriting Recognizer Neural Network. I’m proficient with Java, C++, SQL, JSON, Android Development and currently learning Python and Tensor Flow. One of the projects that I’m currently working on is a multi-threaded Run Length Encoder in C. Other than that, I’m very much into bug bounties, dancing, working out and video gaming.

My relationship with IGN is a long and an abstract one (#insert<OOPun.h>). Flashback to 10 years back, when I was 11 years old and IGN had announced Fallout 3 as its game of the year. I’ll never forget that moment, as it was this award that introduced me to my all-time favorite game in addition to the existence of the concept of game critique. Since then, I’ve been following IGN directly and indirectly. After getting introduced to your website and your videos, the 11-year-old me thought to myself, “Wow, how cool it will be to play video games, review them and earn money simultaneously?”.

I know it’s much more than that, but the naïve 11-year-old me was far too young to understand it. However, my aspiration to do something like IGN never stopped. From being up-to-date from your ‘too much water’ reviews, podcasts to your impressions in addition to debating why IGN is better than GameSpot with my fellow gamer friends, I didn’t even realize when I started following IGN religiously. Aiming to become a video-game reviewer one day, I started playing video games a lot. (My mom ~might~ will say a lot is an understatement). This, however, invoked my curiosity to understand how games are created. Flashback to 2016, when flappy birds recently came out, I tried to replicate the back-end of the game in C++. While the end-product was nothing like the actual game, the feeling of satiety that I got after ‘programming a game’ is something I can never forget and has been my driving force to become a software developer ever since.

Wait, shouldn’t it drive me to become a video game developer? Well, as I started programming regularly, I become more and more fascinated with the various concepts of computer science like Data structures and Object-Oriented Programming, artificial intelligence like Machine Learning and Neural Networks in particular. 
That brings me to the ‘dream that I wake up to chase’ is. My end-goal in life is to create an ‘omnipotent game-playing AI’, an AI that can best any video-gamer at any game anytime. This dream might sound too far-fetched, however, it’s something which IGN indirectly enticed in me. Hence, I have a very complicated yet very passionate relationship with IGN that I am thankful for, every day. 

# Why should you pick me to participate in IGN’s Code-Foo program?  
I still remember watching IGN’s former head Roy Bahat’s video about Code Foo. He mentioned if someone knows to code and loves what IGN do, they(IGN) want to work with them. I believe I am that person. I am a passionate, hard-working and up-to-date programmer who loves working with game and A.I. related theories and programs. I had an extremely fun time solving all the questions in addition to learning Java Database Connectivity (JDBC), Networking concepts and Encryption/Decryption. “When you’re having fun, you lose track of the time”. *In my case, I lost my entire spring break.* Moreover, Code-Foo being a team intrinsic internship, I believe I’m a good team-player, who knows how to give inputs while learning my team’s mentality simultaneously. I for a fact believe that the right hands-on experience and education, coupled with my unabating desire to succeed will help me achieve my goals one day and IGN will act as an interface to help me strike gold.
